Previously on "How to Get Away
With Murder"...
They know everything.
We deserve to feel good
for once.
Mrs. Maddox? I'd like to talk
to you about your son Gabriel.
How do you not want to find
your birth parents?
You looked for yours. You feel
good about what you found?
Actually, yeah.
Michaela might die
when she finds this out.
What?
I hacked
Louisiana Family Services
and found
her birth father.
His name's Dwight.
Annalise knew him.
She's drinking again.
That's what your dad's case
did to her.
Reporter:
Police have just confirmed
that Nathaniel Lahey Senior
was fatally shot this evening.
You paid those guards
to kill him!
No.
Annalise:
Did the Governor approach you
with this plan? Huh?
She promise to get your father
out of jail?
They know more.
Plan B?
She's given us
no other choice.
The Governor just pointed
the finger at Emmett on live TV.
[ Gasping ]
Where's Christopher?
They took 'em, Annalise.
They took 'em.
Annalise: Laurel!
♪♪
Minister: May God grant us
peace and comfort
during this time of loss
so that in our sorrow,
we may find hope
and everlasting life.
In the sure and certain hope
of the resurrection
to eternal life,
through our Lord Jesus Christ,
we commit this body
to the ground.
Earth to earth,
ashes to ashes,
dust to dust.
We're free now.
To Him be glory forever.
We ask that with this passing,
we may find strength
in one another
and solace in your words.
♪♪
Christopher!
Christopher, no!
Stay dead, bitch.
♪♪
Stop!
[ Seagulls squawking ]
Britt: Karen?
Karen, you okay?
Sorry.
It was, uh --
No, no, there's no need
to explain.
This visualization
was designed
to stir up feelings
of discomfort.
I'm just jealous.
Your funeral
seems so interesting.
Mine was a snooze.
How about we don't compare,
Sally?
But I do encourage you
to go dark here.
Picture the worst consequences
of your addiction.
What legacy have you left
your loved ones with?
These are the questions
you've come to Vista View
to answer --
not how you want to live
the rest of your life,
but really,
how do you want to die?
So, everyone,
close your eyes again.
Karen.
♪♪
Gently bring yourself
back to your funeral.
See the people there.
Are they angry?
Maybe they're happy.
Because that's how badly
you've hurt them.
♪♪
Sally: Hey, roomie.
Stan and Heather
think you're a cop.
I said principal --
high school.
Or a boxer,
thus explaining the bandage.
I'm a CEO.
You're surprised,
I know,
but I actually run
a Fortune 500 company.
We make sex toys.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Chuckling ]
JK. JK.
I got a smile.
Go, me.
Go, you.
So...
what'd you wanna stop?
At your funeral.
You scared the hell out of me
with that scream.
It was nothing.
Just give me
a little hint.
No!
I'll tell you my secret
if you tell me yours.
What is this?
What?
Did Stan and Heather send you
over here to get some scoop,
or are you just terrible
at reading people?
♪♪
I-It's rehab, Karen.
We're all gonna know
each other's secrets eventually.
Fine. Here's mine.
I'm a gangster
who shoots people
who don't know
when to shut up.
♪♪
Why would Annalise
go to rehab now?
Yeah, won't she
lose her license
if the bar finds out
she relapsed?
They're not
going to find out.
We just need to be happy
she's trying to get better.
Are we sure
she's not with Laurel?
Like, they took Christopher
to Argentina
and are leaving us
to get burned by the FBI?
We need to go
to the FBI.
Absolutely not.
A child is missing.
He could be chained
in some basement with Laurel.
Why don't we go to Xavier --
torture him till he
tells us where they are?
Who are you?
Frank would do the torture,
not me.
Frank's not
gonna do that.
Why? 'Cause you both know
that Laurel disappeared herself?
She was stolen
off the street.
And the only reason
they got Christopher
is 'cause you two
took your eyes off him.
That wasn't our fault.
Who else's fault
would it be?
Get away from him.
Fine. I prefer
kicking your ass anyway.
Hey, hey! Hey!
Stop!
This is hard enough.
No!
Hard is being trapped
in a basement somewhere
and your friends
not doing anything about it!
The FBI is still
investigating us, Michaela.
Do you think going to them
and telling them
that Laurel is now missing
is going to help any of that?
Asher: Yeah,
it'll just make it worse.
Emmett.
Agent Lanford:
How did Mr. Crawford seem
when you left him
in the office that night?
Not like a man
about to kill himself,
if that's
what you're thinking.
He could have seen the Governor
accusing him on the news
and panicked.
And happened to have poison
lying around?
You believe
he was poisoned?
Wasn't he?
He's dead, Annalise.
[ Voice breaking ]
Emmett.
[ Crying ] He's dead.
[ Police radio chatter ]
I came back up right after
we got off the phone.
We won't know the cause of death
until Mr. Crawford's autopsy.
Then what about
the Governor?
Please tell me
you're investigating her.
You know that I can't comment
on an open investigation.
Okay,
but it's obvious --
Ms. Price...
...call me if you remember
anything else.
♪♪
Oh.
I heard you took
Crawford's place
as the new
managing partner, right?
Yes.
Congrats.
♪♪
Annalise:
You've reached the voicemail
of Annalise Keating.
Please leave a message.
[ Beep ]
I was hoping you smuggled
your phone in your bra.
It's just crazy
here, as expected.
Not your worry, though.
I just wanted to hear
a friendly voice.
Until then...
get your ass better.
Britt: Okay, let's start
with our cleansing ritual.
Turn to your partners.
Together:
I see you, and I love you.
Britt: All right.
I'm curious to hear
about your reactions
to your funeral visualization.
Who wants to share?
Personally,
I felt very uncomfortable
picturing myself dead.
I fe--
Okay, Sally,
let's give somebody else
a chance to initiate, okay?
Karen.
[ Scoffs ]
Who did you see
at your funeral?
If you'd prefer not to say,
just describe
the general feelings
these people were having.
They were...
upset.
Not that I was dead,
but that
it took too long.
Did anyone express
their feelings out loud?
They were just grateful
that I was dead.
Why?
Because I chose drinking
over them.
What do you all think
of Karen's response?
Lame.
Heather:
Seriously, though,
you're just gonna end up
back in here
if you don't start
getting real.
I've been saying that
for days now.
I've been quiet,
listening to you
complain about your mean boss
for days, Stan.
There she blows!
Okay, let's all
remain respectful.
Him calling me a liar
is respectful?
You know,
"liar's" pretty tame,
considering
what we could say.
Well, get ready for me
to call you some names.
Go for it.
Attention whore.
Blowhard.
Chauvinist.
Oh.
Boring.
I never
called you anything!
Quiet down.
Clearly, you're good
with words, Karen,
so let's turn that
inward.
Tell us some of the names
you call yourself.
Drunk. Selfish.
Good.
Mean. Narcissist. Freak.
Keep going.
Bitch. Bully.
Fat-ass. Slut.
Trash. Homewrecker.
Depressive.
Ugly.
Dirty.
Taker. Cancer.
Abuser.
Monster.
Mammy.
♪♪
Failure.
Beautiful.
♪♪
All: We see you,
and we love you, Karen.
♪♪
Asher: Are we sure
we have the right Dwight?
Yeah,
Michaela's birth certificate
lists Dwight Halpern
as her father.
He was born in 1964,
just like
the guy in this article
who Annalise
helped defend.
We have to tell Michaela.
We're not telling her anything
until Annalise gets back.
If she comes back.
Well, she better
so she can explain
why she picked me.
Here we go.
Look, she chose all of us
for a reason.
Michaela now, too.
Yeah, maybe she boned your dad
before he was gay.
[ Door closes ]
Or your mom.
No, that was me.
Sweet-O,
time to get to work.
Way to knock.
Open your
computer hacking program.
Try to ping
Laurel's location.
Her family runs
a giant tech company.
I don't think
they'd just let us "ping" her.
Just do it.
Michaela: Hey.
Gabriel just texted me
that he's outside.
You want me
to handle him?
I just...want him
to go away.
Gabriel: Michaela!
[ Knocking on door ]
[ Door closes ]
What's wrong?
Nothing.
Then why are you
avoiding me?
[ Scoffs ] I'm not.
You are.
And I know why.
♪♪
Because I like you.
I mean it.
And I want you.
[ Sighs ] Gabriel.
[ Door opens ]
Asher: Michaela?
[ Door closes ]
Laurel wants
to talk to you.
In -- In the house.
Where she is.
I'll call you later.
♪♪
[ Door closes ]
What are your intentions?
What?
"What?"
Your intentions.
'Cause if you're trying
to get in her pants
so you can betray us
to the FBI --
I'm not talking
to the FBI anymore.
How many times do I have to
tell you all that?
Good.
'Cause I'd rather have you
as my bro than my foe.
Now, let's go home
so you can make me
one of those famous
grilled cheese sandwiches.
♪♪
Britt:
So, research tells us
that we can talk about
our feelings for years,
but meanwhile,
all those toxic thoughts
remain embedded in our bodies.
This exercise was designed
to release the bad thoughts
so the good thoughts
can finally take hold.
Alright?
So, pick up your bats.
Three, two, one...
go!
[ Grunts ]
I am not an idiot!
I am not a pushover!
You tell 'em, Stan!
Sally:
Die, bad thoughts!
Die, wino!
Die, basic-bitch!
Die, people-pleaser!
You're more than an addict,
Heather. You are a goddess!
I don't care
if you don't love me, Dad!
I love me!
Die, mean mommy!
Die, prude!
Intelligent and...
Gifted and outspoken!
Kind!
Witty!
You are good enough!
Do you hear me, Sally?!
You...are...good enough!
Britt: The exercise
isn't for everyone.
Somatic therapy isn't really
my thing, either.
What is your thing?
My vibrator.
Mm.
What about you
is selfish?
I put myself first
always.
Okay,
give me an example.
Well, I'm here, and the people
who need my help are at home.
Who needs you?
Annalise: [ Echoing ]
Laurel, where are you?
Laurel?!
He's gone.
They're both gone.
Your friends?
[ Cellphone rings ]
♪♪
What?
Tegan:
[ Crying ] Emmett.
He's dead.
This is them, right?
The Governor, Xavier?
[ Sniffles ]
This was their plan --
take out
another innocent man.
[ Cellphone thuds ]
Another.
♪♪
Annalise:
Doesn't matter who it is.
All that matters is
that I let them down,
and here I am.
Trying to get better.
Failing at it.
Oh. Really?
How are you failing?
I couldn't hit
the dumb pillow.
Well, that doesn't
mean anything.
♪♪
You're paying a lot of money
to be here.
It's really kind of a waste
if you don't let me know you.
I know. I know.
Then tell me --
why do you think you deserve
to be this unhappy?
I mean, unless you don't think
you're unhappy.
I'm unhappy.
Then let's hear it.
Uh...
There are people in my life
that got hurt.
You hurt them?
[ Sighs ]
Mm-hmm.
I thought
I was helping them.
Oh.
That just kind of sounds
the opposite of selfish to me.
I want to leave them.
You're thinking of
abandoning them?
Mm-hmm.
To protect myself.
See? Selfish.
Why shouldn't you
protect yourse--
Because their pain
would be my fault.
Not necessar--
If I smacked you in the face
right now,
your pain, my fault, no?
♪♪
I want to get better.
I do.
Okay.
I want that for you, too.
But I'm worried
you won't.
Not unless you learn
to forgive yourself.
There's no moving forward
until you love yourself.
And if I can't?
Then you'll stay
where you are --
angry, lonely, sad.
All because
you put other people first.
You put their feelings
before yours --
what they need,
what they want.
Until you wind up
in the hospital again,
strung out,
left for dead.
Or just...dead.
♪♪
What ME is doing
the Emmett autopsy?
Stop.
Somebody's got to
make sure
Birkhead doesn't mess
with the results.
And that's gonna be you?
Maybe.
No.
We have to move past this.
Enough with the Governor
and Ron.
And my pops?
Am I supposed to just forget
what they did to him?
Come on.
I just want
the ME's name.
♪♪
Nate: Just tell me
to my face --
no one's asking you to mess
with Crawford's results.
I can't.
You can't
or you won't?
I can't because
the body's not here.
Where is it?
London.
Autopsy, funeral, burial --
It's all happening there.
We transferred the body
this morning.
On whose orders?
A partner
at his law firm.
Who?
[ Folder opens ]
Tegan Price.
♪♪
Nate: Hey.
How'd you get in here?
I'm creative.
Any news
on the autopsy results?
No. And there won't be any
for a few days.
The other partners wanted
his body transferred to London,
made me sign off on it.
That didn't seem sketchy
to you?
They're my bosses.
Convenient.
Are you --
You think I had
something to do with this?
I didn't say that.
Then be smart
and stop talking.
Castillos probably have
this whole place bugged.
Good. Then they should know
I'm coming for them.
So you can end up
like Emmett?
That a threat?
♪♪
He was lying right here
when I found him.
Convulsing...
foaming at the mouth.
I gave him CPR,
begging him to breathe,
watching his eyes
go blank.
He was my friend.
And you are not.
So get the hell out.
♪♪
♪ Where in the world
is Laurel Castillo? ♪
Don't make jokes.
This is a joke.
Her phone is in a different city
every two seconds.
Well, just try harder than
you did protecting Christopher.
Are you gonna do this to us
for the rest of our lives?
Probably.
Then can you
explain to us
how we were supposed to know
that someone would
break into our house
and kidnap him?
He's a baby.
You're adults.
That means it was your job
to protect him.
Yeah, only 'cause she didn't
want you looking after him.
Oliver.
What does that mean?
Laurel asked us to be
Christopher's guardian.
You're lying.
He's not.
♪♪
We can show you
the paperwork.
♪♪
Woman: With each exhale,
feel your body empty
of today's stress.
With each inhale, breathe in
curiosity and wonder.
Picture yourself
as a small child...
[ Drawer thuds ]
...in his or her place,
a gentle sun --
[ Television shuts off ]
Sorry.
I-I'll just go to bed.
[ Cellphone ringing ]
[ Zipper opens ]
Oh! Uh, you're supposed
to turn that in.
[ Cellphone beeps ]
Arrest me.
Hey.
Did you get
Emmett's autopsy results?
The C&G partners
wanted it done in London.
That's insane.
I know. But there's nothing
we could have done to stop it.
Or you, if you were here.
Is the food
at least good?
It's bland.
[ Sighs ]
I like my counselor.
That's great.
Yeah, she thinks
I need to be more selfish.
Maybe she's right.
You've beaten yourself up
enough.
♪♪
Tegan: [ Crying ] Emmett.
He's dead.
This is them, right?
Governor, Xavier?
This was their plan --
take out
another innocent man.
Bartender.
[ UNSECRET's "The Reckoning"
plays ]
♪ Life wanders through ♪
♪ Endless shadows ♪
♪ Awake inside a dream ♪
♪ Will I follow? ♪
♪ Break the silence ♪
Do you wanna get high?
♪♪
♪ In me ♪
♪ I feel the burning sun ♪
♪ A fire in my lungs ♪
♪ I taste the bitterness ♪
♪ All I see is red ♪
♪ I hear the siren sing ♪
♪ This is everything ♪
♪ This is the reckoning ♪
♪♪
[ Monitor beeping ]
Bonnie: Who found her?
Woman: Not sure.
They called 911.
Do you know
what she took?
Tox screen says cocaine,
MDMA, and fentanyl.
[ Weakly ] Bonnie.
Bonnie.
♪♪
It's all gonna be okay.
[ Voice breaking ] No.
I'm here.
I need help, Bonnie.
I need help.
Get me help.
♪♪
Oh, Britt's on her way
to confiscate your phone.
JK!
I'm not a narc.
I'm going to bed.
[ Smacks lips ]
♪♪
♪ Made of iron ♪
♪ Made of stone ♪
What if they're dead?
They're not.
Hopefully.
♪ I am shell ♪
♪ And I am bone ♪
What are you doing?
Coming up with a plan "B"
to find Laurel.
Stop.
Look what happened when
you dug into Michaela's parents.
I found the security company
that Xavier uses.
If we get the name
of one of the security guards,
then maybe
Frank can torture the guy
into telling us
where they took Laurel.
Oliver!
♪ I'll tell you all ♪
How are you not
more scared right now?
God!
I am so done
with being scared.
Why?
It's exhausting.
And...weak.
♪ Now I don't care ♪
You know, if...
if you're scared...
I can protect you.
♪♪
You want me
to protect you?
[ Smooches ]
Yeah.
Good.
♪♪
'Cause I'm gonna
protect you...
all over this bedroom.
♪♪
I'm gonna protect you
all...
night...
long.
♪♪
Asher:
Who are you e-mailing?
I'm bugging the adoption agency
about my birth parents.
Oh.
Thought maybe
you would have let that go,
with all the stress
going on around here.
It's the
opposite.
If we can't find Laurel,
at least I can find them.
♪♪
You disapprove?
Uh, no.
I just, uh...
you know...
[ Connor and Oliver moaning
in distance ]
Is that how, uh,
Gabey boy sounds?
Stop.
What?
Come on.
I'm over you.
We can talk
about this stuff.
Girl to girl.
Well...
We...
haven't done it.
What? Why?
He's perf.
[ Sighs ]
It's just gonna end bad
when he finds out
who we are.
Meaning...?
You know what I mean.
I'm sick of every relationship
I've ever had ending in doom.
Well, to be fair, the only
reason ours ended in doom
was because you cheated.
I cheated.
♪♪
[ Moaning continues ]
Oh, just listen
to those two lovebirds up there.
[ Chuckles ]
You know,
Oli stayed with Connor
even after he found out
about everything, so...
There's still hope for us,
is all.
♪♪
It's Laurel.
Leave a message.
But I'll probably
never listen.
[ Beep ]
Laurel, it's me.
♪ I am shell ♪
Please...
♪ I am bone ♪
[ Cellphone beeps ]
[ Cellphone thuds ]
♪ Teach the Mother's skull
away ♪
What if Connor's right?
No.
She wouldn't do this
to herself.
Of course she would.
You wanna know
why you're wrong?
♪ I'll tell you all ♪
She would've taken this.
Kid can't sleep
without it.
He just...
cries and cries.
So just...
♪♪
She wouldn't have been
that cruel.
♪♪
Who's Bonnie?
Is she your girlfriend?
Ask me another question.
I dare you.
I've seen you
with a bat.
It's not impressive,
Karen or...Beth
or whatever
your real name is.
Have you been looking
through my stuff?
I don't have to. I say "Karen,"
you don't turn around.
That's because I'm trying
to avoid your ass.
O-Oh. Like I've won
the roommate lottery?
You never smile or -- or ask
anyone how they're doing.
That's why people
don't want to eat with you
or even be around you.
You must be
a very hard woman to love.
You want to know me,
Sally?
I know that you're so nosy
about my life
because yours is
so basic.
That's why you checked in
here -- to be interesting.
You're just
proving my point.
I mean, what's so hard
about your life?
That giant rock on your finger
too heavy?
Your husband stop screwing you
after popping out kids?
Don't talk about my kids.
And now poor you
is stuck driving carpool
in a fancy-ass SUV
high on pills
and Chardonnay.
Fine. You win.
Let's sleep.
But you're a mother,
so you're superior to me.
I am more than a mother.
At least that's the lie
you tell yourself.
So you obsess
over those kids.
You beg them to need you
so your life has purpose.
They are not my purpose.
They get a trophy,
you get a trophy.
You are wrong!
But you know
deep down inside,
you know how meaningless
your life is without them.
I hate my kids!
I hate them!
And I hate being a mother!
I hate it!
[ Pounds mattress ]
[ Crying ] And I...
hate myself...
for hating them.
♪♪
I'm evil, right?
I can't answer that one.
Ohh.
♪♪
This is my fourth time
coming here.
Every time,
I hope it'll work.
But they're still there
when I get home.
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
I just want
to run away forever.
Me, too.
And they're
not even my kids.
They're just people
who need me.
But they need me
so damn bad.
I just...
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
My name is
Annalise Keating.
♪♪
People think
I murdered my husband,
but I didn't.
♪♪
But I helped cover it up.
Woman on radio:
10-18, what's your twenty?
Man: 10-18, Vista View,
awaiting backup.
Has suspect
been questioned?
Negative.
Requesting 11-41.
Copy.
11-10 witness?
Witness giving statement.
Copy that.
[ Police radio chatter,
indistinct talking ]
♪♪
Victor:
You see it happen?
See what?
Stan went aggro
at breakfast.
He beat up a cook
'cause they ran out of bacon.
[ Chuckles ]
I guess he was the one
that blew, not you.
[ Police radio chatter,
indistinct talking ]
♪♪
Hey.
Morning.
Took some melatonin last night.
Made me loopy.
Hey --
Think I was just
making things up.
Annalise.
I see you...
...and I love you.
♪♪
[ Door closes ]
You're no failure.
♪♪
You're not trash.
[ Voice breaking ]
You're not...cold.
You're not a bitch!
You're not ugly!
You're not disgusting!
You're not a slut!
You're not dirty!
You're not spoiled!
You're not a monster!
[ Crying ] You deserve to be
loved and touched and felt!
[ Sobs ]
You deserve to be free!
I want out! I want out!
Forgive yourself, Annalise!
'Cause I forgive you!
I forgive you!
[ Crying ]
♪♪
[ Knock on door ]
I want you, too.
There. I said it.
And you said it.
And...we have...
both now...
said it.
However...
And...yes,
there is a "however."
Laurel's gone.
What?
She left.
She took Christopher
and disappeared without a word.
And...
I don't know where they went
or if they're ever coming back,
even though
she's my friend.
My best friend.
[ Inhales shakily ]
She's gone.
And I'm tired
of being left.
I need you to promise
that you'll never...ghost me
or lie to me
or break up with me
without an actual
grown-up explanation.
Because if you do...
[ Scoffs ]
...I'll cut this off...
and introduce it
to a garbage disposal.
Okay?
I'm here for you.
Long-term.
♪♪
Now you can kiss me.
♪ Take what you're given ♪
♪ Follow on the road back down ♪
♪ Not even heaven knows ♪
♪ Take what you're given ♪
♪ Follow on the road back down ♪
♪ Not even heaven knows ♪
♪♪
[ Keyboard clacking ]
[ Cellphone buzzing ]
♪♪
Hey.
♪ Asleep at the morning ♪
What kind of rehab
works in one week?
I had to ask for a ride
so I wouldn't go
straight to a bar.
[ Chuckles ]
JK, JK.
Seriously, you okay?
I don't know.
I couldn't risk
the disciplinary board
finding out where I was.
Anything on Emmett?
London ME ruled it
a heart attack.
No foul play.
See? It's a good thing
I'm back.
You all need me.
♪ Follow on the road back down ♪
♪♪
[ Cellphone buzzes ]
♪ Take what you're given ♪
Who's that?
Uh...I forgot
I told Connor and Oliver
I'd cook dinner tonight.
Oh.
You want me to come?
I can make
my famous grilled cheese.
[ Laughs ]
And give them another chance
to recruit you as their third?
No go.
♪ Not even heaven knows ♪
[ Cellphone buzzing ]
♪♪
♪ Not even heaven knows ♪
[ Buzzing stops ]
Hey.
I know I missed our call
this weekend.
Vivian: So then you also know
you're gonna have to call me
twice this week
to make up for it?
'Course.
You all caught up
on "Housewives"?
I've banned it
from my DVR -- trust.
Just like you should.
No UVA law student
has time to watch TV --
unless you dropped out
on me.
'Course not. Who's gonna win us
reparations if not me?
Hmm.
Graduate with honors.
We'll see if I buy that.
[ Knock on door ]
Right on time.
How was rehab?
Bring us anything?
I did, actually.
[ Door closes ]
We've been eaten alive
by the lies and the fear.
And that's no way
to live.
And I want to live.
Don't you?
So that's what this is.
Right?
We're gonna beat out
all of the guilt
and the shame and the lies
and the fear.
♪♪
Bury it.
We're gonna bury all of it --
even Laurel.
♪♪
Consider this her funeral.
Michaela: No.
Laurel needs us.
No, she's never needed us,
Michaela.
She's always been able
to take care of herself.
And we have to take care
of ourselves.
Here.
♪♪
Beat her away!
♪ I made a choice
that I cannot defend ♪
♪ I could lose it all ♪
Say goodbye.
No, I'm going to the police
to report her missing.
That's already happened,
Michaela.
Frank and Bonnie are
with the police right now.
Nursery?
Upstairs.
[ Police radio chatter ]
♪ Inside my soul ♪
♪♪
I'm fine.
♪ Is it just one
hopeless, failed experiment ♪
Annalise:
You have rage in you.
You've lost your mother,
your father, your sister,
and Michaela.
♪ Or is every moment
recorded and archived ♪
You have a right
to be angry.
You just have to
let it out.
Okay?
Go.
♪♪
No more being the black sheep.
[ Thud ]
No more being the nice guy.
No more reject! No more loser!
No more Doucheface!
You're a good man, Asher!
You hear me?!
You're a good man!
You're a good man, Asher!
♪♪
♪ I can't remember ♪
♪ The last time ♪
♪ I got this close
to feeling nothing ♪
♪ To feeling that I could be
detached from everything ♪
♪ Where do I start? ♪
♪ How do I fall
back into place? ♪
♪ Where do I begin? ♪
♪♪
Boy, bye.
♪ I can't explain what it is
that I feel right now ♪
♪ It's just,
I've lost the hope ♪
Annalise:
This wasn't your fault.
What wasn't?
Sam, Wes,
Christopher.
Say it.
"It wasn't my fault."
♪♪
This wasn't my fault.
[ Breathing shakily ]
It wasn't my fault.
None of it.
I'm not a killer.
I'm not a monster.
I'm not the devil.
There's good in me!
There's good in me.
So much damn good!
♪ ...back into place ♪
♪ Where do I begin? ♪
♪♪
[ Cellphone chimes ]
♪ I can't explain what it is
that I feel right now ♪
♪ It's just,
I've lost the hope ♪
Oliver: I'm not scared.
[ Thud ]
I'm not a little boy!
I'm a man who is strong,
confident, and powerful!
I'm a strong, confident,
powerful man!
[ Police radio chatter ]
♪♪
Annalise: Laurel's always
put herself first.
And you need
to do the same.
Stop wasting your love
on her.
Love yourself, Michaela.
♪♪
Laurel's gone.
I choose me. Happy?
You clawed your way from nothing
to get here.
All on your own.
Tell yourself that.
♪♪
[ Inhales deeply ]
I got here on my own.
I do everything on my own!
Everything!
I'm alone, but I'm brave!
I'm strong! I'm proud!
I want to be happy!
I deserve to be happy!
I choose me! I choose me!
So goodbye, Laurel!
You're dead to me!
[ Crying ] You're dead to me!
You're dead to me.
[ Exhales deeply ]
♪♪
Feel better?
[ Sighs ]
Asher: Sure.
But we'd feel even better
if you told Michaela the truth.
Asher, stop.
What?
The truth about what?
Somebody talk!
Annalise knew
your birth father.
♪♪
If that's true,
I'm gonna kill you.
♪♪
[ Thudding ]
Female minister:
Even though the journey
in this life has ended,
we will keep our hearts
with our beloved --
not with sadness,
but with celebration
of eternal life.
For it pleased God
to take our dearly departed.
May the Lord bless her
and keep her,
the Lord shine upon her
and be gracious to her.
We ask you, O Lord,
to lift up
our dearly departed Annalise
and give her peace.
Amen.
♪♪